#343: main_config_ui - ipynb to py (#339)
exasol/notebook-connector: doc/changes/unreleased.md

# Unreleased
  * #305: Replacing store magic with normal file access
  * #334: Convert ipynb to python for generic_config_ui and automate tests

>   * #343: Convert ipynb to python for main_config_ui and automate tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * #334: Converted ipynb to python for generic_config_ui and automated tests
  * #343: Converted ipynb to python for main_config_ui and automated tests
```
